# October 15th, 2017

# Members present:

* Polina Abramov
* Austyn Hill
* Eric Lathrop

# Agenda

## How do we make decisions?

We talked about there being these distinct parts of LouisvilleTech.org:

1. Directors: those who make decisions about the direction of the site
2. Moderators: those who keep the conversation flowing and respecting the code
   of conduct
3. Tech: those who build & operate the tech that runs the site
4. Content: those who organize to post different types of content on the slack

Currently many of the same people are in each group.

We agreed that the Directors should make a decisions by majority vote, and that
we should keep records of meetings and votes. The records should be public as
much as possible, but sensitive things can be kept private.

We agreed that the directors should meet in person at least once every quarter.

## Should we add more moderators?

Everyone said yes.

## If so, how many moderators should be add?

We agreed to start with adding 2 new moderators at first. We'd like to keep an
odd number of moderators so there aren't ties in votes. After adding 2 new
moderators we'll revisit this to see if we want to add more.

## How do we add new moderators?

*We will seek public input on how to do this.*

Our current plan is to ask for public nominations, then have the directors vote
on who to invite.

# Action Items

## Seek comments on how to add moderators

Austyn to write something up.

## Decide on a process for adding moderators

Meet again in roughly a week to decide. Maybe online.
